E-commerce A/B testing:
in this project, i conducted A/B test research to determine the performance of a new recommender system carried out by the company’s marketing team using the Z-criterion. 
A/B testing file contains the following; Import libraries and Data , Data preprocessing, Data exploration, A/B testing and Result, Recommendation and conclusion.

Task statement
You've received an analytical task from an international online store. Your predecessor failed to complete it: they launched an A/B test and then quit (to start a watermelon farm in Brazil). They left only the technical specifications and the test results.

Technical description
Test name: recommender_system_test
Groups: А (control), B (new payment funnel)
Launch date: 2020-12-07
The date when they stopped taking up new users: 2020-12-21
End date: 2021-01-01
Audience: 15% of the new users from the EU region
Purpose of the test: testing changes related to the introduction of an improved recommendation system
Expected result: within 14 days of signing up, users will show better conversion into product page views (the product_page event), 
product card views (product_card) and purchases (purchase). At each of the stage of the funnel product_page → product_card → purchase, 
there will be at least a 10% increase.
Expected number of test participants: 6000
Download the test data, see whether it was carried out correctly, and analyze the results.

Results
The results of the T-test show that the p-value of all the stages of the funnel is greater than alpha (0.05) hence we accept the null hypothesis implying 
That the number of conversions of group B (Treatment group) is equal to or less than that of group A (control group). 
therefore, then we can say the old recommender system is better than the new one.

CONCLUSION

Though the analysis shows that the old recommender system is better, the general technical description and dataset have the following limitations

Expected number of test participants: 6000 but in the dataset, the number of the participant of the "recommender_system_test" are 3675. this could mean that the test was not completed.
Launch date: 2020-12-07 End Date: 2021-01-01
the dataset has a lunch date of 2020-12-07 as stated in the technical description but the end date for data collection was stated to be 2021-01-01 the test was not carried out up to the planned end date. 
that explains why the number of participants is not up to 6000.
the difference in the number of people shown the new recommender system(2747) and the number of participants shown the new recommender system(928) is too wide.

RECOMMENDATIONS
because of this limitation mentioned above, I consider the test not accurate in deciding which of the recommender system is better 
and so I recommend that the company should begin a new test following all the necessary technical description.
 
